For homework please do the following:

Create a "You Tube" like web app.

-Write a json file that contains a list of videos (again, more realistically then a hard coded json file this would instead be server side code that would perhaps query a database and dynamically generate the appropriate list of results, but we don't yet know how to write server side code - the end result however would be the same , we would get similar json generated by the server side code) . Each video should have a title, a url to the actual video, and an (optional) image to show.

If you need some videos to link to, I put some up on dropbox
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/nfa0mm8he90hqy4/AAAVHKYbGI1-fb8P4SguqhjAa?dl=0
You can use your own if you prefer of course. Careful not to commit very large files to git - github has a file size limit and you will have to figure out how to undo your commit...

-Write a HTML page that uses AJAX to fetch the list of videos and shows the list of available videos, show picture and title to the user. (Since picture is optional do something reasonable - like show a default picture - if no picture is included for a particular video) When one of these is clicked, begin playing that video.(see below)

It's easy to imagine that in a more complete version you could do a search for particular videos and it would update the page by fetching relevant ones only from our giant library of videos (which would be why you wouldn't just populate the html page with the videos when loaded)

Note we didn't do this in class (we did use the html5 video element back when we did html of course), but it's pretty much the same as images. Just set the src attribute of the video element to be the url to the video same as how we changed pictures in an img element.

To make it play you need to call the play method on the actual video dom element. If you get the video element using document.getElementById for example you can just call play on that. If you get it using jQuery use [0] to get the (first) dom element from the jQuery object e.g. $('#theVideo')[0].play()

For more info on interacting with video element from javascript see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Using_HTML5_audio_and_video

(Alternatively - or in addition, do some research on how to embed you tube videos and embed those instead of using video elements with local src - but that's not what we will do in class, we will use simple video elements and set src)