For homework (and again I want to stress that what's important here is practice writing JavaScript, not learning how to draw on canvas or write games) do as much of the below as you have time for (first 4 for sure you should do 1-3 are minor variations of what we already did for the balls). Add your own ideas as well.

    Enhance the Ants app so that users can click a button to add more ants, add an input to let them pick how many to add.
    Add a color picker and let the user choose the color of ants to add.
    Dont allow the ants to go off the screen. (they don't need to bounce off the walls like the balls did, they should just not move in that direction past where they are allowed to go. This will give them a realistic behavior of crawling along the sides when they bump into them)
    Give the ants some brains. Let them choose a direction and stick to it - for a (small) random number of frames. i.e. instead of a completely random direction every time, the ant should pick a number of times to go in the same direction and then not pick a new direction until it has gone the selected times in the chosen direction. e.g.an ant picks 5 as the number of times to go in the same direction. It then picks x of -1 and y of +1. It will use -1 and +1 for the next 5 times. Once the 5 times are up it will pick a new number of times and a new direction. This should make the ants appear more purposeful than being completely random.
    Think of other improvements / additions you can make. e.g have different color ants fight each other when they meet. If one has greater strength it wins, if both have the same "strength" it's a random choice who wins. When one wins, it gains a strength point (or gets all its opponents strength points), etc... Another example, have food appear on the screen, ants "eat" food when they bump into it. Ants bring food "home" and return for more food. When food is gone, ants wander again until they bump into new food. A nice advanced behavior you can add if you do this is that ants can pass knowledge of where food is to other ants when they pass within a certain distance of each other. Ant can die if it goes too long without food,  Add the ability to pick up an ant by clicking on it and drop it somewhere else on the screen etc... etc... We probably won't be doing much of this in class but it's all good practice.
